Masters of Madina.
Who's grandfather is NABI (saww).
Who's father is Ali (as).
Who's mother is Fatima (sa).
Who's brother is Hassan (as).
He is our Maula Hussain (as).
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
The inhibitors Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
They are decorating the tents.
The fulfillers of the promise.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
The inhibitors of Karbala.
Maula of Madina.
This door is the pious door.
That is the door of Fatima.
This is the house of beloved Mustafa (saww) and Maula Ali (as)
They have come to Maqtal .
The reciters of the Quran.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
The inhibitors of Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
When Islam called.
When Quran called.
The Prince of Yasrab.
The Princess of Yasrab.
Came out for the journey from their home.
The saviors of Kalma.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
Inhibitor of Karbala.
Maula of Madina.
Sughra (sa) said while crying.
My heart is drowning.
Desolated Madina.
My dwell is in forest.
Why did you make me cry ?
Spreader of happiness.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
Inhibitors of Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
the fondler of the son in law.
Prince of the daughter.
They are thirsty for three days.
Every flower of Mustafa (saww).
For a drop.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
Inhibitors of Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
My all earnings are looted.
Akbar (as) got spear.
Asghar  (as) got arrow.
Mother was supplicating.
They are under the shades of arrows.
The doers of Sajdah.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
Inhibitors of Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
The call of "Hal min"
When That thirsty gave.
Voice of irjai .
Came and hearted.
Come ! come to me.
The picker of dead bodies.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
The inhibitors of Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
There was a noise in the sky.
The Great God was saying.
O Gibraeel !
Spread the beds of clouds.
They are coming to Paradise.
The saviors of the Quran.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
The inhibitors of Karbala.
Masters of Madina.
Salman and Shanavar !
Lucky you are Ali Jee.
The wish of Rehan .
The prayer of Sarwar.
May they accept our services.
The makers of destiny.
Masters of Madina.
They have come to Karbala.
The inhibitors of Karbal
Masters of Madina.
They are decorating the tents.
The fulfillers of the promise.
Masters of Madina.
Iltimas e dua !